TODO.md, before:

# TODO LIST
Testing:
- Unit test all services made so far.
- Figure out how to carry out unit tests using URLs.
- Research white-box testing.

Handovers:
- Work out where to store completed handovers
- Handover input error handling for getters and setters (e.g. cannot create a new handover for a patient that is currently already part of one)
- Finalise what attributes Handover should have.

Doctors:
- Doctor input error handling for getters and setters
- Finalise what attributes Doctor should have
- Move first name / last name / email attributes to the user object?
- Filtering doctor objects in service (and update controller/views)
- User team functionality (e.g. "view team" in controller)

Patients:
- Are patients meant to be able to be filtered by team?
- Patient input error handling for getters and setters
- Finalise what attributes Patient should have

Teams.
- Team input error handling for getters and setters 
- Finalise what attributes Team should have
- Ward input error handling for getters and setters

Wards:
- Finalise what attributes Ward should have

Users:
- Add Validation to data coming from forms [FIXED USERS]
- Create tools to modify users + allow multiple authorities.

Security/Authentication:
- (Future) Set security to hash passwords (plain atm for ease of sec debug)
- Sort out HTTPS

View/Cosmetic Changes:
- Sort red/blue lines on the dropdown of viewing patients
- Functionality to print out a particular patients details
- Change date inputs to date month year drop downs
- When a doctor sends a handover, set it so that the originating doctor is actually automatically set to the one who is creating it.
- Enable the "view all patients" button on the sidebar to actually view just the doctor's own patients.
- Maybe find a way to remember whether sidebar is shown or hidden when changing pages
- Add pending and sent handovers to UI.
- Maybe come up with a good dashboard layout for the "Overview" tab (probably optional at this stage)

Commit message:

ROOT USER (quantech) is now a real boy! If there are no users in db it is created with the usual authorities. Fixed error with Admins having associated doctor objects saved with them for no reason. Updated todo

TODO.md, after:

# TODO LIST
Testing:
- Unit test all services made so far.
- Figure out how to carry out unit tests using URLs.
- Research white-box testing.

Handovers:
- Work out where to store completed handovers
- Handover input error handling for getters and setters (e.g. cannot create a new handover for a patient that is currently already part of one)
- Finalise what attributes Handover should have.

Doctors:
- Doctor input error handling for getters and setters
- Finalise what attributes Doctor should have
- Move first name / last name / email attributes to the user object?
- Filtering doctor objects in service (and update controller/views)
- User team functionality (e.g. "view team" in controller)

Patients:
- Are patients meant to be able to be filtered by team?
- Patient input error handling for getters and setters
- Finalise what attributes Patient should have

Teams.
- Team input error handling for getters and setters 
- Finalise what attributes Team should have
- Ward input error handling for getters and setters

Departments.
- Consider structure of hospital
- possible need for multiple admins per department to handle issues if not on shift?
- Implement (likely) tree structure.

Wards:
- Finalise what attributes Ward should have

Users:
- Add Validation to data coming from forms [FIXED USERS]

Security/Authentication:
- (Future) Set security to hash passwords (plain atm for ease of sec debug)
- Sort out HTTPS

View/Cosmetic Changes:
- Sort red/blue lines on the dropdown of viewing patients
- Functionality to print out a particular patients details
- Change date inputs to date month year drop downs
- When a doctor sends a handover, set it so that the originating doctor is actually automatically set to the one who is creating it.
- Enable the "view all patients" button on the sidebar to actually view just the doctor's own patients.
- Maybe find a way to remember whether sidebar is shown or hidden when changing pages
- Add pending and sent handovers to UI.
- Maybe come up with a good dashboard layout for the "Overview" tab (probably optional at this stage)
- Create internationlization file to allow enum error messages to be overwritten and handled gracefully
